Update PodSpec Overlay page to include spec.containers overrides (#11425)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/k8s-build-infrastructure/customize-podspec.md

- Always use the `spec:` wrapper if the feature flag is enabled.

- You can override both pod-level and container-level fields. Non-existent container names are ignored.
  

> - Do not pass `spec.initContainers` — this is not overrideable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not pass `spec.initContainers` — this cannot be overridden.
```
